heal and move on. you have things to do
no emotion, just motion
don't spend another year doing the same crap
surpass your limits. right here, right now. there is no other way
push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you
energy is precious. don't waste it on thinngs that don't matter
every day is training for the person you're becomming
do you have any time to waste looking down?
if you stay down on your knees, that really means you aren't good enough
your body can stand almost anything. it's your mind that you have to convince
refuse to quit. especially when it's hard. that decision is what separates dreamers from doers
do you need a reason to not want to lose?
discipline
when you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change
if you hate feeling frustrated, then do something about it
follow your plan, not your mood
life is short. make it great
comfort is a slow killer
you weren't made to be average
becoming aware of your limitations changes how you see and think about everything
being healthy isn't just a given. make it a habit
no one claps for the days you don't quit. but those are the ones that build you
a lack of logic can destroy any plan
learn who you are, unlearn who they told you to be
you're not special. work harder
no more waiting. your time is now
pressure creates diamond or dust. you choose
change can only begin when you tear down everything you were before
life does not wait for you to be okay
the best revenge is to simply improve yourself
if you're not the best, you're nothing
comfort is the enemy of ambition
let them watch as you conquer
you weren't made to blend in
comeback season has no audience
i don't raise my voice. i raise my standards
discipline over feelings, every time
cry as much as you want to, but make sure when you're finished, you never cry for the same reason again
you don't need luck. you need obsession
don't wish for it, work for it
you say you want to be great, but your actions don't show that
talent is something you make bloom. instinct is something you polish
you're not born a genius. you become one by outworking everyone else
if you're not prepared to give up everything, you'll never fulfill your dream
your talent is a fierce gemstone that turns into worthless complacency if you don't polish it
one life, one chance
success demands everything
silence isn't weakness. it's focus
you weren't made to blend in
are you alive or just existing?
comfort never changed anyone
only dead fish go with the flow
let your actions be louder than any words
you're not behind. you're just distracted
your future is built in silence, not in applause
the world doesn't owe you anything. go take it
outwork their doubt
they had opinions. i had discipline
discipline is rare. that's why it wins
average is a trap
greatness starts when excuses stop
one day or day one, you decide
obsessed? good
growth begins where comfort ends
nothing gets easier, you just get better
the magic you are looking for is in the work you are avoiding
become the one who chooses, not the one waiting to be chosen
continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection
in order to change, i have to be something you're not
do it for the people who want to see you fail
you lose the moment you hesitate
the price of greatness is obsession
i am built upon the small things i do every day, and the end results are no more than a byproduct of that
you don't need luck. you need obsession
the future belongs to those who believe in their dreams
studying doesn't suck as much as failing
don't quit
don't let your dreams be dreams
pain is a price to pay for happiness
we cannot simply sit and stare at our wounds forever
if you don't challenge yourself, you will not achieve anything
hard work doesn't betray
if you don't take risks, you can't create a future
life's a bore if you don't challenge yourself
i must change. i must become something new
i don't trust tomorrow. that's why i always do what i love
if you want to be the last one standing, become strong
if you give up, there'll be nothing left
what more do you need than pride?
i don't want to lose
overcome it all
no such thing as useless effort
luck isn't a result of pure coincidence
focus on yourself. you won't regret it
focus on your goal. don't look in any direction but ahead
if you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time
end things before they end you
you will fall. but don't forget you can fly
never forget who you want to become
a dream means nothing if you don't grab it with your own two hands
there's no second chance
we regret the things we didn't do when we had the chance
be who you want to be, not what others want to see
don't stop when you're tired. stop when you're done
if you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lose
you can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending
you will never be ready. just start
victory is sweetest when you've known defeat
set goals that scare you and excite you at the same time
learn from everyone, but follow no one
never forget who you want to become
in silence, growth is louder
winners don't do different things. they do things differently
limits only exist in your mind
the way we see the problem is the problem
every pain gives a lesson, and every lesson changes a person
in the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take
live better than yesterday
falling down is an accident. staying down is a choice
you can be anything as long as you believe
take the risk or lose the chance
be your own reason to smile
prove yourself to yourself, not others
results happen over time, not overnight
pressure reveals character
good days? work hard. bad days? work harder
to achieve the right thing, one must let go of the wrong one
you grow from what makes you suffer
stop stopping yourself
don't let yesterday take up too much of today
we're all fighting battles no one knows about
sometimes growth is a lonely process
accept the things that you can't control and move on
rule your mind or it will rule you
do what is hard until it becomes easy
i don't want to regret the way i've lived